Update README with link to Dev Setup page (#6669)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: README.md

## Contributing

> See the [Contributing](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/contributing) page on our docs to see how you can contribute and the [Dev Setup](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/contributing/development) page to build the website in local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Contributing](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/contributing) page in our docs to learn how you can contribute and the [Development Setup](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/contributing/development) page to learn how to build the website locally.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions @tiffany76
